# SECDA-TFLite Profile Visualisation
This folder contains two jupyter notebooks designed to visualize the profiling data generated by the SECDA-TFLite delegate. The notebooks are:
- [`simulation_profiling_visualiser.ipynb`](./simulation_profiling_visualiser.ipynb): This notebook provides a visualisation of the profiling data collected during the simulation of the SECDA-TFLite delegate. 
- [`hardware_profile_visualiser.ipynb`](./hardware_profile_visualiser.ipynb): This notebook is used to visualize the profiling data collected during the execution of the SECDA-TFLite delegate on real hardware.

## Simulation Profiling Visualiser
This notebook reads the profiling data from the simulation and generates bar charts to visualize the simulated performance of the accelerator.
After running the simulation, a CSV file containing the profiling data is generated in the tensorflow [.data](../../tensorflow/.data) folder. 
Execute the first cell of the notebook and then edit the second cell to visualize the profiling data that you want to see.

## Hardware Profile Visualiser
This notebook reads the profiling data from the hardware execution and generates bar charts to visualize the performance of the accelerator on real hardware.
After running the hardware execution using the [benchmarking suite](../benchmark_suite/readme.md), a CSV file containing the profiling data is generated in the tensorflow [.data](../../tensorflow/.data) folder.
Execute the first cell of the notebook and then edit the second cell to visualize the profiling data that you want to see.



## Adding Profiling to Your Code


### Hardware Profiling
Look into [omni accelerator container](../secda_delegates/omni_delegate/v1/accelerator/driver/acc_container.h#L31) and [omni accelerator driver](../secda_delegates/omni_delegate/v1/accelerator/driver/omni_driver.h#L8) for an example of how to add profiling to your code.

### Software Profiling
Look into [omni accelerator](../secda_delegates/omni_delegate/v1/accelerator/acc.sc.h#L79) for an example of how to add profiling to your code.
