
# Old Documentation for SECDA-TFLite (Deprecated)
## Python Files
- [X] [`hardware_automation/hw_gen.py`](../hardware_automation/hw_gen.py) - This is the main script to generate the hardware accelerator delegate.
  
- [X] [`hardware_automation/hlx_templater/hlx_script_templater.ipynb`](../hardware_automation/hlx_templater/hlx_script_templater.ipynb) - This is a Jupyter notebook to generate the HLX script templates for the hardware accelerator.
  
- [X] [`src/secda_generator/generate_delegate.py`](../src/secda_generator/generate_delegate.py) - This is the main script to generate the SECDA-TFLite delegates based on the template provided in [`src/secda_generator/templates/`](../src/secda_generator/templates/) directory.
  
- [X] [`src/secda_profilier/hardware_profile_visualiser.ipynb`](../src/secda_profilier/hardware_profile_visualiser.ipynb) - This is a Jupyter notebook to visualise the hardware profile generated by the SECDA-TFLite profiler.
  
- [X] [`src/secda_profilier/simulation_profile_visualiser.ipynb`](../src/secda_profilier/simulation_profile_visualiser.ipynb) - This is a Jupyter notebook to visualise the simulation profile generated by the SECDA-TFLite profiler.
  
- [X] [`src/benchmark_suite/secda_benchmarking_suite.ipynb`](../src/benchmark_suite/secda_benchmarking_suite.ipynb) - This is a Jupyter notebook to benchmark the SECDA-TFLite delegates and accelerators.


## Accelerator Designs
* We provide pre-compiled binaries/bitstream for the PYNQ Z1 along with archived Vivado and Vivado HLS project folders ([release](https://github.com/gicLAB/SECDA-TFLite/releases/tag/v1.0)) to enable synthesis from scratch.
* We also provide source code for all accelerators
* For more information please check out the [accelerator source-code](secda_tflite_accel)

### Synthesis for PYNQ-Z1
To perform logic synthesis, we provide Vivado project folders ([release](https://github.com/gicLAB/SECDA-TFLite/releases/tag/v1.0)). These contain the necessary block diagram configuration including AXI DMA's and the accelerators to ensure correct connectivity to the processing system.

**Requirements**
* Vivado HLS 2019.2
* Vivado 2019.2


## Docker Setup for SECDA-TFLite-dev (TF2.7) (Deprecated)
We highly recommend using this container to immediately start developing accelerators and accelerator delegates using the SECDA-TFLite toolkit.

**Requirements**
* Docker
* VSCode
* jq
* gdb

**Instructions**
* First pull the docker image: 
```
docker pull judeharis97/secda-tflite-toolkit:v1
```
* Simply create a container of the downloaded image using the following command: 
```
docker run -it -d --name secda-tflite judeharis97/secda-tflite-toolkit:v1
```

* Once the container is created and launched, you can access it through [VSCode's attach to container functionality](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/attach-container)
* Load VSCode workspace at `/root/Workspace/tensorflow/tensorflow.code-workspace` using "open workspace from file" option in the VSCode File menu.
* Once the VSCode workspace is loaded, you are able to run to the launch configurations through the [Run and Debug](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging) tab to run the end to end simulation.
* These configurations are stored within '/root/Workspace/tensorflow/.vscode/launch.json' (to launch) and /root/Workspace/tensorflow/.vscode/task.json (to compile), you can edit these to change the parameters to compile and launch the end to end simulation.
* There is three configuration already prepared to run the VM,SA and FC-GEMM accelerator with the simulation delegates
